(1) Purpose of internal design
There are two purposes of internal design:
(1) Determining the functions that software should perform from the standpoint of developers
The internal design process in all system development processes is where a system is first determined from the standpoint of developers. Because determined functions have a great influence not only on program design and testing in the next process, but also on efficiency when a system
becomes operational, they must be determined very carefully.
(2) Ensuring the independence of each phase, so that
one phase can be clearly distinguished from another
The waterfall model has long been used as a means of system development. Having been refined and improved, it is the methodology still being used. Although some overlapping may occur between adjacent phases, each phase must be basically independent.
(2) Points to note when doing the work of internal design
In doing the work of internal design, "why", "what" and "how" must always be kept in mind.
(1) Why: Defining subsystems
Why each sutsystem was divided in external design must be clarified.
(2) What: Defining the functions of subsystems What functions each sutsytem performs in the overall system flow, must be examined form the viewpoint of relationships
between subsystems.
(3) How: Defining details of subsystems in a program How input conditions, functional
processing, and output conditions for the functioning of subsystems can be
implemented in a program must be
clarified.

Purpose of program design

The purpose of internal design is to design the internal structure of a program.In program design,the structured design method is used to partition a program into modules.
By partitioning a program into modules and clarifying the relationships among modules, the structure of a program can be made clearer and maintainance can be made easier.

work units in the system development 

Diagram!

Modules include the following:
·
• Compilation units in the high-level languages Functional items of a program
· Menu units item
Source program that has 10 to 300 statements
• Tasks (processes) handled under task (process) management
• Load module units
• Objects used in the object-oriented development
Graphical user interface (GUI) event units
A module can be defined as one single, quantitaviely or logically coherent unit. This definition should be understood only as criterion.

3. Concept of creation and reuse of parts
In the object-oriented concept, the unit of a software part is an object. The objects are systematized in a class library, and the independence of object is realized through encapsulation. Therefore, the object-oriented concept can be said to be suitable for reuse of work products.
4. Use of software packages
(1)Subprogram library
A subprogram library has long been known as the scientific subroutine package (SSP), in the field of scientific and engineering computation. Complex subroutines and functions were not individually developed by the users, but systematized as libraries by manufactures, universities and research institutes and made availabel to users.
This concept has been applied to the development of business application programs, and useful subprograms are offered as packages to unspecified users with or without charge. By using the packages, substantial reductions in the man-hours needed to develop software can be achieved. A business application system, however, contains classified matter or proprietary know-how. Therefore, a company organizes the subprograms developed based on internal standards, into a library and allows them to be reused only for internal use.
(2) Class library
In the object-oriented development, objects are encapsulated so that changes to an object does not affect surrounding objects. The independence of each object can be maintained. Therefore, objects can be reused as parts more easily than parts in a program developed using procedural language. In the case of the Java language, for example, frequently used objects are collected into a class library. By utilizing a class library, the time and labor needed to develop a program can be saved.
