1. Internal design is a process of designing a system based on an external design document.
2. The purpose of internal design is to determine the functions of software from the viewpoint of the developers.
3. Internal design is a very important process, since a basic system design plan is formulated, and external design must be implemented in this process.
4. Internal design is the design for invisible parts. It is the design as seen from a computer specialist's or system developer's point of view.
5. In the external design stage, a subsystem is partitioned into functions. In the internal design stage, a subsystem is partitioned into programs based on its functions.
6. Functions are scrutinized based on a new work flowchart (new physical DFD) and a work sub flowchart.
7. The independence of functions is used as a measure for evaluating the appropriateness of hierarchies and contained functions.
8. A flowchart is also called a process chart. (Flowcharts are usually used for downstream processes.)
9. A data flow diagram (DFD) is used to express the flow of task processing or system operation schematically.
10. A hierarchy plus input process output (HIPO) is a documentation support tool, used as an auxiliary means for supporting the work of design.
11. A structured chart is used to represent the functions of each program in an easy-to- understand manner.
12. In a sequential organization file, records are sequentially stored in consecutive positions on a storage medium.
13. Direct organization files can only be used on direct access storage devices (DASD), such as magnetic disks.
14. A file that allows reference to a data storage position index as well as the reading of specific data is called are indexed sequential file.
15. A virtual storage organization file can be used with an operating system that has a virtual memory function.
16. In the external design stage, the screen and report are designed to allow a user to recognize the image of screen and output.
17. Input data is past a specified input time limit or some data is missing. All these problems are considered input mistakes.
18. Screen design is one of the important factors that a user considers to determine whether a system is well or poorly designed, as explained in sections dealing with
external design.
19. The GUI uses intuitive icons (pictorial symbols), pop-up menus, dropdown menus, etc., to allow tasks to be performed.
20. The GUI functions are built into the operating system of a personal
computer.
21. All applications used in the GUI environment (Windows, etc.) are eventdriven programs.
22. On the GUI screen, a preview function that allows data to be shown in a printout format should be supported. Also, a search result display function should be supported. 23. One method of designing the screen layout is drawing the screen layout on a special- purpose form.
24. A user inputs data, has a computer process it, and outputs it on the display or on paper to check the results of data processing.
25. A subprogram library has long been known as the scientific subroutine package (SSP), in the field of scientific and engineering computation.
26. Internal design is an important design process since it is responsible for satisfying all user requirements defined by external design.
27. In the internal design policy, an overview of the system development policy determined before the start of design work is described.
28. HIPO, DFD, flowchart, bubble chart, etc., are referred to as documentation techniques.
29. In the system overview, the new system flow (new physical DFD) created by external design is described.
30. In the program functions, details of divided programs are described using the input process output (IPO) diagram.
31. A review conducted in the design stage of a software development process is called a design review.
32. A design review is mainly conducted on a system design and a program design process.
33. Detailed screen design or detailed report design, is the work of creating an interface between a system and a user.
34. Program design is an important process as it is required to do the tasks of programming smoothly.
35. The purpose of program design is to design the internal structure of a program. In program design, the structured design method is used to partition a program into modules.
36. Program design documents are created based on various data and materials prepared in the program de stage.
37. Programming is to describe (code) in a programming language a procedure (algorithm) defined by program design.
38. Procedural programming is the paradigm of procedural programming languages which describes problem solutions in terms of a series of procedures. C and COBOL are representative procedural programming languages.
39. Logic programming is the paradigm of a logic programming language that describes a problem solution in terms of logical declarations. Prolog is a representative logic programming language.
40. In the waterfall model, unit test, integration test, system test and operation test are conducted in that order.
41. A unit test is conducted for each module, the smallest unit dealt with in system development.
42. In the programming stage of system development, a program has a hierarchical structure comprised of several modules.
